docs(change log): add change log for 4.2.8 (#690)
emqtt/emq-docs-cn: en_US/changes/changes.md

# Changes

## Version 4.2.8

*Release Date: 2020-03-10*

> EMQ X 4.2.8 is released now, it mainly fixes some errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
EMQ X 4.2.8 is released now, it fixes a bug in MQTT message parser.
```
